// Here is a list of tips
// Where you can write interesting tips (As long as you do not violate our User Agreement and local laws and regulations)
// Or you can delete the original content, not necessarily according to the original content
// You can annotate with "//" on a line, note that it only works on a separate line

Here's a tip!
You can support us by donating in About > Support.
Want to contact to developer? Email at hyperceiler_feedback@sevtinge.com.
Search for @hyperceiler on Telegram to chat together.
HyperCeiler = HyperOS + Ceiler, Ceiler = Ceil + er.
Guess how many more times you have to see this tip again?
Make HyperOS Great Again!
You're welcome to follow on GitHub: @sevtinge or BiliBili: @绀漓丨Sevtinge.
I've kept some bugs so you know you're using HyperCeiler.
Did you know? In fact, tips is all nonsense.
Did you know? HyperCeiler's birthday is on May 1.
If there's no special annotation for the function that is gray, it means that the function is abnormal and isn't planned to be opened to users for the time being.
Ling Qiqi has obsessive-compulsive disorder and always wants to clean up HyperCeiler, but it backfires.
This is a 2.0 tip!
This is a 0.9 tip!
Improve the stability of the module and optimize the module fluency.
Bugs are just part of the premium experience in HyperCeiler.
You can never finish filling all the big holes, and you can never finish drawing all the big pies; requirements are varied.
The system has been destroyed.
System UI isn't responding.
Users just need to update the module, but developers have many things to consider.
Come on, come on, new bugs coming out of the oven.
At every moment, a new opportunity.
You're stronger than you think!
Thank you for using HyperCeiler!
To be continued...
I have a wonderful way to optimize the system, but sadly the tip is too short to be noted.
We use your data to find out which tips you like the most!
If you want to write a module without any problems, the solution is simple: don't write when you have any.
This module has 2,147,483,647 features now, how about add 1 more?
Tip: Tip: Tip: Tip:
[This tip has been hidden]
== TIMELINE ENDS ==
Do you really understand this story?
In HyperCeiler, your privacy is our priority... but who doesn't like a bit of curiosity?
This module will be uninstalled in 5 seconds.
Thank you to all the contributors.
Thank you all for accompanying us for 2 years.
This app is so fast, you'll think you're on a rocket.
Thank you for seeing this tip, I wish you a happy life.
This train's terminus is Siyiqi. The next station is the terminus, Siyiqi. Doors will open on the right.
How can I make sure my OLED device never locks the screen? Having to keep waking the screen up is really annoying. You can go to "Settings > Allow never lock screen" to enable this feature! But be careful not to burn your screen.
If your device doesn't have a motion sickness relief feature, you can go to "Security > Unlock Motion sickness relief" to try to ease the discomfort when riding in a car.
Why is the volume adjustment so imprecise? You can go to "System Framework > Volume > Media volume level" to set the desired volume precision.
The sound effect is good for the external speaker, but the original sound is better with headphones. It's really annoying to keep switching! You can go to "Earphones > Change headphone status to the original sound" to manage this.
Why do I have fewer widgets available than others? You can go to "Personal assistant > Disable simplified version" to unlock the same access as everyone else.
Your dock is so pretty, I want one too! You can go to "System launcher > Dock > Add background blur to dock" to customize your dock.
If you encounter a scope that keeps restarting repeatedly, be sure to check the "System Framework" scope — it can save you in some situations.
